I'll have to share my youth with you.
Kuroro, be patient.
I wonder who this
The
flower is in bloom
I don't fit for you
Shin O 이건iar Pendulho
Kinro, you're here again.
Yes, I'm here to see Sui.
I'm so hungry.
I'm hungry, too.
You're faster than I thought.
You're so fast that you can't even move.
Hey, you.
You're from Hakoya, aren't you?
I see. I'm a fool.
Enough.
Let's clear the doubt.
Forgive me.
Now, you guys.
Let's go home and drink again.
I saw the way you were returning.
I took your hand and corrected your shape.
Mr. Sakamoto.
f beyond the
world of Yuga Hitsugi,
your face dying
They every day do the same tea.
A puppy couldn't bear all of them,
so they fake makeshift tea.
They feed guollejos and birds with Legal Solitude
to serve as marker for aizené.
Miss Racine